hi and welcome to the video on how to
make some pureed muscles the great
dishes that in a spicy I'm going to show
you how we make those right away for
those you will need a round of pound of
mussels some a little bit of onion the
quarter of a chopped red pepper some
celery little bit of garlic and some
carrot I'm going to check all that here
i'm going to process it to a food
processor to do some kind of little
sofrito i'm also going to use some curry
powder cilantro a little white wine and
any cream like two tablespoon of white
wine here and 3 tbsp of every cream okay
so first thing first I'm going to
process that to my Robo coupe to just
chop everything so I just chop make mine
a sofrito here with my carrot onion
celery garlic red pepper I don't want to
pay star I wanted to do to be chunky
okay because that's important after it's
going to give texture to my dish one
thing i want to mention too i forgot to
talk about that muscles it's very
important that your muscles are very
fresh if you see any open muscles here
like this one it's open but if it
doesn't close by that muscle might be
dead and you don't want to use it so if
it closed back it's alive this one is
just closing back right on you here see
what happened it must so get cold and as
I get cold they open up in my finger
here they kind of warm up and it'll be
done close see but my soldiers clothes
back I have another one let's see the
same thing happen said I put it in my
hand like that
see I it's closing back which is a
little cold also all those muscles are
clean but there's one thing here see
that in a string that's the beard of a
muscle you want to remove that to remove
it you just put it off like that now no
one thing after your move that Bert that
beer the muscle will die and you want to
make sure you cook them right after huh
so I check the other one before and I
know that they are clean and alive I
tricked that feat of beer right here
whoopsie ok so now but you know about
that we're going to prove it also
sometimes they open what you can do you
try to find another one that's open that
one is open right here you see it's open
I'm going to take it I'm going to bang
it a little bit like that and see it's
closing bad that's another way to see
you very close back to ok so am I so
deep on here I'm going to first thing
I'm going to do is I'm going to sauté my
sofrito in a bit of oil I just realized
I've too much i'm just going to use half
of it that ok
I pour it over here half tablespoon is
enough I'm going to a warm up and then
I'm going to add my mixed vegetable here
the cilantro right here I'm going to
chop it costly and add it at the end to
the muscles okay here we go I don't want
to pawn too hot because I don't want to
really give any cut off to those
vegetable
when making muscles I will season it at
the end because muscles are a little
salty on they own and before I put salt
I want to check the seasoning when I'm
done and then i'd see if it needs some
salt on it
okay I got one here i'm going to add
some of my career I made that own career
here its a mix of spices depending how
spicy you want it you know you just put
it it as much you think you you like
yeah like it pretty spicy
Larry cook it in a bit not too long
now I'm going to add my white wine okay
and then my muscles okay now a bit of
the crib huh literally mr. and I'm going
to cover it with a lid we're going to
steam those muscles you can see the
reflection of the coming out here great
now so as I cool them I'm going to shake
them a little bit the help for them to
open up when it's cooking I'm going on
the side here to chop my cilantro
cilantro is one of those herb it's okay
to use the stems from them because
there's a lot of flavor in them and
they're very tender
they started to open up Sita that one is
done already run away for all of them to
be fully fully open let's check now okay
look at that they are nicely open ok so
now i'm going to remove them into my boy
here and then i will reduce the sauce a
little bit more okay so I we're removing
been completely upper is our nice mysore
great size here from ok
okay i'm going to add the cilantro at
that point
going to test it wow this is good
showing this week those are great in
engineering so I'm adding a little salt
testing it again so good now to finish
this dish up what I'm going to do is
just add that juice all over the Masters
this way and now you have a great feast
here guys okay career in my soul thank
you for watching if you liked the recipe
give it one of those okay you could even
subscribe to my channel what do you
think let's give it a shot president
subscribe button please thank you very
much